### a little about me

For the last few years I have been mostly helping small businesses & nonprofits with all sorts of things, being on some altruistic quest, while trying & failing some startup ideas. In June 2025 I went to an intense AI Engineering bootcamp where I worked harder than ever (12+ hour days) and fell back in love with actual software development. I love coding and real software engineering, but I'm so much more than that, so I'm looking for the best fit! I love teaching, mentoring, explaining, designing, understanding clients' needs, documenting, thinking big picture, and going on walks in nature for creative inspiration.

I have tinkered with technology all of my life from single-digit age, from game mods to wearables apps. I co-created & managed multiple clubs in high school and university, including a game dev club at each, Future Business Leaders of America, Association for Computing Machinery, Student-Industry Advisory Board for VCU CS, a co-ed engineering fraternity Theta Tau, and my university's hackathon for its first three years. I participated in countless local user group meetups well into my career, made presentations, wrote tutorials, designed & managed an entire summer internship program of seven students (of which four were hired, only limited due to budget), and more. I worked on dozens of projects across my four consulting companies from 2015-2020, including high-profile clients with annoying security clearance processes.

Let go in December 2020 during a Paypal contract due to pandemic-related rebudgeting, I decided to take time to address all of my internal problems through deep reflection, meditation, therapy, travels, hobbies... overcoming existential woes, getting healthier, exploring who I really am, and determining what I really want to do. I was plagued with imposter syndrome and a mess of mental problems throughout my career, so despite me doing a lot of good work and receiving a lot of good feedback from managers, I still wasn't giving it my all!

And now I am. I've learned to get out of my own way, I've learned to humble ego, I've learned to just go with the flow, and learned work-life balance (turns out I genuinely want to work a lot... I got a lot of ideas I want to manifest)

Behind me are many dozens of people, from all walks of life, encouraging & affirming me that i am very intelligent, creative, articulate, self-reflexive, inspiring, contagiously passionate yet with a "calm presence", and would be "highly valuable". Some say I've been wasting my talents -- honestly, yes. happy to share my backstory and how i got here, today, full of energy and determination to restart my career and go so much harder! AKA be consistent, be a good team member, immerse myself into the company and be an essential part of it like i was in my multi-year long hardcore WoW guild. seriously.

What qualifies me more than other candidates with my technical abilities is that I am drama-free, low-ego, self-reflexive and highly perceptive. Therefore, I fit on any team in any environment, and can represent the company well when it comes to in-person networking events, online developer community interactions, and creating content such as tutorials. I used to be extremely politically and spiritually curious, but now I just want to focus on my craft and have mature impact on the world – and take care of my own family one day.
